i  don't well under a don't know what i continue
two
to  do to do you tube and
people  don't really want to know how to spread pianism they don't really
want
say  they want
like  a
a
look  he people say people say they care so much about the movement if you care so much movement
why  is there no movement there is no movement
even  compared to pete at least pete
you  know best
that  all you want exists i don't i don't have a pet alternative
ah  but now he too know this my my whole life is one long
morality  like
and  i mean i think morality both brought me into a
orthodox  ter about it but it's a morality brought me out of religion because you can also quite religion for
more  reasons
corrupt  or
more
i  the regions lying to people or taking their money on false pretences or would have so morality
morality  and religion can be mutual elsinore
but  lay with that woman
i  can say based on my currently like near zero not
but  if we really if we did have a serious should be for even got married i would just own it
i  would just say to people openly like no like she's a she's a demon man she eat meat every
day  or she works at a slaughter house in her part time she'll slit the throat of a of a
you  know lamb and its nuts is and i would just on it i would just be hobbling
believe  i ended up marrying this woman
in  a slaughterhouse i would just own it
the
buoyantly  i think we have talked about is quitting you to the stupidity
of  you too being vignon the internet what the point is petitioned hopes
with  a future positive things
and  at
we  can talk about religion and politics to
but  i startled i remember you made some videos about people hitting on you at the gym
or  failing to hit on you at the youths just
i  just took
trying  to give my one
one  of these
so  you know i am actually in many ways in many ways
yourself
that  be what the no no no no i gave her a business card now so there was no technology so
gave  her business
prepare  yourself curieuse courage eminently
yourself  out there about that interesting custos not my problem in life i've got infinite
self  confidence no really for me it's about being pole
so  like this woman we've like noon each other for two and a half
you  know our conversation consisted of like he what's up let you know like really nothing come
and  i never even like approached her like i never
i  got close to her in the cymry definitely because you know also like most of these trainers she's
wearing  skin tight very revealing clothing
and  i do a man in some ways i'm a very liberal person but in some ways a very conservative
and  actually a couple o days goes discusses with my chinese teacher
because
i  talk about my life and
it's  a way to practice chinese and my chinese teacher was telling me like look
in  chinese culture its normal you could just walk up to a woman and say hey your beauty
you  should go to a
it's  completely acceptable here and i know that
but  the reality is especially when you talking about women who were closer to my
most  women here are already married like if you're talking women twenty five to thirty five
they  like the either serious portend but really like i expect those women are
so  i am i try to be very respectful and
a
which  is not normal the way
but  you know there's one day so like two months have gone by and like like i say on that level we know
each  other we had a little bit of chitchat
and  you know there's one day at the gym so my gym there are separate bathrooms
but  the area where you wash your hands
for  both genders and then when washed their hands
big
and  i do i do a lot of push ups
so  you know my hands
on  the floor so i go and wash my hands up to
as  i walked over is just coincidence
walk  over the same time and she was doing this thing if she had she she comes up
to  the sickest times disdain next to her
and  you know she doesn't really were make up at the gesture like lost an
but  he freshens up her lip loss and she looks into the marriage he straight up her hair and she is mentally
preparing  herself the teacher fineless you know astuteness getting sight
up  she's getting book
to  that i was staying astern it was like that made such an impression on
you  know what
this  big deal to
but  if it turns out this woman's father works at a slaughter house
and  she like you know
cows  for fun and spirits i would marry her anyway like i'm incompletely soul and
completely  sprung
so  you know it's that kind of bargain got to be
and  obviously so this stage i still know very very little
but  just had a conversation with her in thine
she  showed also in the
then  she actually she does speak something she
he  enjoys
but  yeah i mean you know it's really
no  for me it's not about self confidence at all it's not begin
at  all i don't have any of those problems it's just like you know there's no reason because
i  mean at the gym like she looked at me a lot like not just the contact she'd like look that
my  body while i was looking at working out and stuff
but  that doesn't mean a woman's interest
you  know it could be i could be a woman is interested how you're working
and  it could mean like also like a woman can be married and you're just the best
thing  to look at at the gem that day or for those five minutes she's got subordinate you know what
i  mean like there's interest in them there's interest
so  it's just it's more on that side of like livoman as it clearly indicated to me
and  again especially at this age but this is not high school most people are married
so  it's really about that it's about respect and
i  do
i'm  sure that
why  my husband but i was
when  i knew that was the mary him i still was enjoying being single and so
for  me i like i always been one like i can admire i can love and i admire totally
but  at the gay
definitely  look but academie i mostly judge i'll open like a motion
i  am like a people and i'm thinking either that they're doing it right to it wrong
and  there definitely wearing what i would wear but that kind of men personality
but  i would listen to rutherford to day and
that  it was the hat he had got sad
his  praise and a gate
people  will see that we married people who are opposite from
good  roundabout with people who share our values
and  i think three you he sometimes your comments you sayin like well
like  you know like eleseus like i don't know if i could be with somebody who wasn't
begin  and but then at the same time like you know but at the same time it's a clock
understand  that i would marry somebody who hunted but setting the values
mac  up between the husband or
and  that was important to me and for you and though religious value may not
be
the  most important thing to you your began values are not
and  again when you are going to be getting somebody that is something you're going to have to consider is
the  value that you find for it and if you and i with
will  they also find those
first  things were i just mentioned all of my purchases i allow people to censor them so like it
after  we have this conversation if there's something you you reflect on so you don't want on the internet like you know certitudo
people  in the affray look you know all the stuff i said but my ex girlfriends
and  its normally step i wouldn't upon
you  know but like i know a nobody i somehow accidentally
get
complaining  about how much you hate your boss that
some  people they talked to me and they complain of it work and then after a look you know the stuff was complaining
with  much pay much aethelbert so so that every
and
i'm  just just
expect  anything less for melia reform i'm just just making the offer you know
partly  feel relaxed
don't
surprised
yeah  i mean on that issue
so  in this case anything with this woman or she may just she made is not be interested like i think one of the ways
that  guys get into problems women is just not recognizing what interested
means  like some women are interested in me because of my writing as intellectual because of my research because of some
article  of
and  you have to recognize this guy
that  could be sexual
that's  how i met my
very  rapidly
as  a man but sometimes that interest is just intent
sometimes  interested the gem like i could just be in need because i'm a corner and
people  wonder why i'm here and like i'm not i'm not a foreigner who does normal tourist things at
all  like if you meet a foreigner at a place that's full of foreigners were two or would go
you  know that's not the interesting but the way i live my life here in china
normal  person so you know
a  lot of guys they're fundamentally out to watch their out of touch with the reality that a woman
can  be university including talking with you or including even asking to go up for coffee and it may be a hundred
percent
i'm  not i'm not i'm really aware of that
and  i get the whole
and  you know emerald about i had relationship with
a  lawyer and he was not ideal person that is interested like learning
but  his personality and his intellect
very  very
very  into that and that lasted quite a while even though he wanted to marry me
i  chose the clotheslines instead he asked me to cancel my trip and
not  go but i knew or my priorities laid but i really really loved his
and  say oh bliwas in upweekis personality even though his
ascetics  were not why would you
you  know actually i let you come back just to ask you but the pile
but  first come back to what you raised but opposites attract and the now meet me quite possibly
my  tarrell not be beastly possible to even likely it's the most larbeyrie or manning
i  never quick address of the woman at the gym
no  she is not conventionally beautiful by chinese stands
there's  a very strict definition of china whose
and  like a wood terms of abstract on shore and on tall but like in china
like  short women are not high status so like a wealthy man here will always want to have a tall willowy
height  height equals money equal social status
you  know that's very very strong
and  you know the idea of what is a beautiful face
very
and  by by chinese standards she does not have beautiful face but to me she's a very good for woman so
you  know see i haave got a shot at an i'm say no but that is also interesting that kind of
cultural  miss mat
what's  valued and what
but  with that woman
i  can say based on my currently like near zero now
but  if we really if we did have a serious latitude for even got married i would just own it
i  would just say to people openly like no like she's of she's a demon man she met every
day  or she works at a slaughter house in her part time she'll slit the throat of the of a
you  know lamb and it's not his and i would just on it i would just be osbaldistone you
believe  i ended up marrying this one
a  slaughterhouse i would just own it and i would say it to operant to ability but
liked
to  me she loveth her she's beautiful like you know whatever the other factors are
i  mean the case
been  multiplication by quickly and i don't mean
and  my way i have said
my  husband loved a good buffet
all  brandon that he has to suffer for it natalie
and  i see my husband
he
a  block of cheese for a snack you know like that's my husband
he  had
but  he knows
so  do i sometimes i am a very open life in sometimes when he corresponded
all  ask with
story  up for hybernation
because
and  that is noiselessness that if you
do
later  people would he get married there named the merry with their attracted
and  then later the women might be like married and in a cut of all it here and give
a  let myself go and cannot one person fills the trade and i feel the same
as  with i know a man who
that  in shape and to you know camillo like if you start let yourself go i
will  not be silent on it and i told him flat out if you become very over wit
my  sexual or my second traction to you a lesson and i
may  love you as a person but my sexual desire to be intimate
and  under an be honest about that because
guys  may you know i think it's a very hypocritical women are supposed to say beautiful
and  young and trespasser an look in the guideline whatever so i
am  very like i took my horse i said if you ever got very upper weight i don't
we  would be married for long just because i don't think i could
kate  be with somebody who does not take care of the body because if i ontake or in my boy
i  expect
also  one of the funny armies i think you are the only person on the internet
who  i publicly admitted having a crush on you know the first petition
you  know you weren't too offended by that nobody else was
a  mirage you know one of the things i aware of is that one of the main factors that
makes  me interested in women you know serious
is  that they would be a good man they have different qualities at
and  of course that is mostly obvious with women who already are
right  like you know whether it's you whatever were you know you see some one and you know like the things i like in omens that they're
very  they're very intelligent they're very passionate the beard working in like i just mentioned like in your video is obvious
you're  all those
you  have a sort of sharpness but also an intensity
but  you also have a lot of qualities that would make you a good man like it's obvious even
some  aware for me psychologically
that's  one of the things that really
now  obviously that's you know probably the problem is true when i was years old
and  made
but  i mean all the time you meet people where
you  know whether it's because they have a cultural connection to hunting
health  problem as the minnie you know you want to go and being a jerk everybody
if  you want to try to understand people on their own terms
and  you know
i  been for me at the sad and interesting example and it's a contrast
the  questions were
major  meenister me i inimitable who aren't
ellesmere  and you did people who go on
standard  of living and a sedate canadensis themselves in the ulcerating
something  else and
it  came like some beginners as he began like
i  don't
i  don't feel the same depth of sadness and i do as if sometimes
not  be more men any more and just go back to kinesasis's
like  doctrine it's it's it's somethin then
tameamea
i  i respect people
like  a like a a beast midhat i made i was very fired up
but  even if some one mucilage with and not
happy  about i still have to be like well we all make her on trust
me  have to accept her own consequence just spite
it  is fate all had free agency in the ability to choose ourselves we can't
repeated
and  that is cantantowwit
better  my consequences and in others can live their life and deal with
the
i  mean i'd say the contrast and i did i did say the face to face to another stone
who  hated me for it in ten
but  i pointed a student your case was giving me raposy just being a jerk and a
a  hundred
angry  questions
and  insulting me but i said to her look you have to understand for me this is very different from for
example  catholicism and really i acasia catholics
not  so much
but  you know a case as a lot of the emphasis is on your religion at your time of death whether
or  not your safe and good heaven when you die silliness you can become a catholic at eighty
five  they never once happy all oh good
a
well  you know the death death bed conversion and death bed confession that the ethels
okay  he say is going to have a redowa lot of the empire
you  know obviously to day fewer and our
saloo  unlike
like  a
he  began is it's about the world
but  the facts but
the  water pollution of the air pollution and killing animals ever
so  for me like the ethical difference between us is really much deeper it's much more is
because  you're doing harm to this world and animals course here and now
and  you know in a sense you can't be responsible for the consequences that i mean you penetrate
particular  person like she can't take responsibility of consequences you can go to the store and
you  can buy the pound of beef but you can't put the stars back in the sky
you  know make the water in the river or in cleaning
and  you you know there's no way any of us can take responsibility for the you know the a
of  the millions of animals living their whole lives in
being  born just to die in some
which  to me is which is meet me is different from hunting and people of giving other begins of given me
crabbett  forever sang hunting is
to  me it's not if a bird lives in the forest completely while it
has  a real life its hat from an egg
with  its mother in a nest in the forest if a bird flies for
and  knows what it's like to live and then one day suddenly is knocked out of the sky
by  a bold and
to  me that is completely
from  an industry that creates
that  you know live their whole lives that never have a mother that are hatched from an egg in this artificial
and  you know are born on to die live
the  real way to mass man
to  me it is
christian
the
god  created animals for their profuse
dearborn  and and and they procreate
for  their own profit the army have every apple and every living
singleheart  and this is going from lake
you  know all salabert ing that the born on the earth and that is created
has
even  those teamsters everything has a purpose and
when
for  what that purpose of the animal is
to  say i like factories so despicable due to the fact
you  deprive me an animal of living its life away that it was created to be
the  panacea germain they have done so much
science  has
gone  so far so has medical taisniere mothers who are
and  intensively
i  think the very thing
the
when  something is well on like i don't feel good and a doctor just
description  of it even knowing what's wrong i get so irritated because i cannot don't
you  understand how you do understand diet you don't under
a  propos of the in system is how we can actually like understand
it  in reality hardly anybody understanding uninten due to the fact that our gods
people  don't eat right if they don't take care of themselves your immense system will
anna
we
and
concise  that i see that every day here
i  see that i see that every day at my school my school actually on the weekends they don't service food but
they  basically if you see it in my euthanasia a prison cafeteria we all have to line up and eat from
samples  take food and the difference to me in the non began i'm surrounded
by  people who are eating the same diet except with the addition of
let  your man cases what meat and dairy
that's  the only difference like eating the same vegetables i now meseemeth as a scientific experiment it's
a  bit interesting he
and  they are constantly complaining there there getting sick in various ways
the  most obvious being they're getting some
frequently  and they also were coming down with cold
we're  living in the same dulling gosain walking the sacramentally
on  the issue of nature versus
and  each hour versus human fumigations to change animals
you  know the only thing it strikes me on that is that you know it seems like nobody cares but this issue of the difference
between  a bull and a
of  really modifying animals including castration you know modifying their
ears  modifying their bodies or
again  in even were the whole breed has just been created to delight human
i  don't know why that seems to me such an obvious thing that people should respond to in that
way  but i see often seems like i'm the only person even in the enamels the way that the wild
animals  are something
from  an animal that's been modified and broken and deprived of its
so  much evidence in the world to documentary
tried  to
continue
rational  let's say formed samabor
animals  are treated
bacteria  or does ease you know the pectorals that all it does
in  the
you've  got to look at when they
in  in the areas
it  came
that  it was written
sometimes  we make
he
and  breath is that they were
gouber  due to the fact that people are
can  it not in an onion the last
urged  to controlled food
some  one says well what a way do you dear
by
so  many cruel compared to
whether  as
there  are music
and
then  you got
you  could smell
men
when  you were a greedy
all  true
that  this mirage
and  being good deep
number
everything  all
the  high
but
there  was a huge pot
no
if  i but no one was
really  so it's like even that
i  mean they always say oh he
take  over there's no water no i don't exactly starve
the
the  cakes so and it helps us
o'ercasts  the echoes
and  in the place all well
then  all seemed
i  have all the remount the water system
and  then as
i  bear
the  water
good
human  nature has
we  need a mistake we try to fix
round
so  m i mentioned recently for the first time of my channel my early my early childhood
in  the country side on a farm on a very bizarre historical recreation farm
probably  you know what i was sorrowly religious people would love it but it was retreating athalie on a farm
was  like i didn't know it years
i  forget the specific time
ah  but you know that so my parents knew people in the local government
and  this is his small town middle of nowhere canada so the government is five people like
you  know the goethe government is
the  government is not really the government but they would they would mention to my parents ever so often
because  they were close
about  the fact that you really could not you could not drink the water there
i  can pass for mine if if you want to take care
for  anyway local cabmen years they would by my parterres
the  connection
that  the big farmers had rendered the water undrinkable
in  that district or that whatever that county of canada even now that the trubode there
and  they actually think they had two different wills
switch  between two different sources of water but both of them had been destroyed by high density pig
i  believe at that time i believe it was all out door pay for i believe that was not yet true factory
farming  it was just you know crowded pig farming where as you know they produce
you  know lagoons of the pig
and  people are sick all the time and the pigs
the  pigs get the pigs get infectious diseases that can transfer to humans
and  you know but ultimately the water pollution is the
and  when my parents told me that time it made it may be true it may not was that every one living
in  that district was keeping the water pollution
the  nature of the water pollution both in your drinking water and just in the water itself like
swim  in the
they  were keeping a secret because they were all terrified that the property values would go down if they actually dealt with
that  or or even complain tire levels
you  know then they wouldn't be able to sell their home or sell their farm or whatever because the water is toxic
so  yeah i mean the ugliness of that and so
that  i was aware of that as a child but it was in contrast to the beat
the  particular farm we lived on
ah  you know you say also another funny piece trivia about me about the ethics of
fishing  including
factory  was identity you know breeding afishing
captivity  i think i was about eight years old i was a child when i read one and detailed
scientific  article about how the fishing industry
including  that type of breeding of
and  the extinction of fish in the wild and the college
of  fish and how fish concentrate
different  types of pollution as they go up the food chain it was a detailed signorial
and  from that day
exactly
exactly  exactly so mercury but other points also are costly
and  from that day forward i never fish again i told i told my parents i get i think i
was  eight years older intessellation know exactly but i was really a child like i was not a ten
as  a apparent i've never eating fish again that's a
and  you know they laughed at me but they accepted it obviously it would have been much harder for them
but  that also like already as a kid that shows you that the type of guy i would be
you  know the militaire i read one article of
i  know the facts now that's a
yes  bill no ambiguity but if this is the reality of the
i  want nothing to do
and  probably that is probably i read seeing
probably  would have responded that what is that age or be honest you
from  eight years old ran to fifteen years old
i  probably never would have become being but i would have made
that  wasn't haunted or something i could imagine myself the hecuba then i get so shows like in some
ways  i'm a little bit concerned
i  care a lot about tradition and traditional
and  that show even in management with you know first nations american indians native peoples
it  shows it may manage with buddhism you know i wanted to be part of a conservative religion like
they  were conservative aspects to my character even though i believe in democracy and freedom of speech and you
know  a people should be gay people should be allowed to be openly gay and you know whatever i'm not homelier ways
in  which i am not concern
there  are some aspects of
so  i want to ask you
that  more
the  instant i insisting
ideology  of dogma
you  know as a
and  i am trying
and
it  is a lot of the
he
the  plain truth is i know that we
there  can
the  theydon know many people who grow up in an reservations they do
they  probably don't like a lot of sand so now like up and close
cause  like that sir family background but a lot of people
i  hunters or fish
due  to the fact that they see it from
and  i heard this even from like
i  think i can radical began that it gave me genealogical night and
he  divined tigertail of hunters and stuff like that and so you pinafore understand
it  as coming from a family that
and
like  the rolls and lianor mostly i was catching release or
it  was like like only fish what you needed you the you know you don't
you  know
system  but the same time
i  think
some  people are so like their not understanding
can  actually
men  meeting like i have a friend of the gym
on  reservation and when i talked to him and his friends at the gun
there  perception of
hunting  is solicitor what i perceived
because  i just had
for  a family were made was a farmer and tenderer whole eyes and then he
aimed
a  reservation where they have a whole symbolic
of  ceremony before the hunt and then after the tiltyard the animal
it  so did for them verses me but then what i believe
or  bury
the
right
in  all they may think of complete nor
early  at their be is always come from hunting i societarian
freezer  and art in her rage that's what i always was
i'm  not going
hatred  of certain people because it may be i understand
them  i guess i'd give the common is in deshonore they might not have a hatefulness
but  they fully understand them
might  defend their culture even though they're not full immersion in culture in
three  issues and canada
and  are really extreme partly because our climate is
and  because our country side is very very poor
you  know i believe compared to say george
people  in rural canada are poor unless they have a good job at the
diamond  mine of the gold mine you know we have a lot like you know you can be an engineer working in a mind sight nor
but  you know our native population is astoundingly poor some of them living in the broken
so  i think canada you have this ridiculous question of both priority and leadership and alive
now  get i talk openly but inequality of
as  well as human
like  what i was there when i was living
you  know let's say up till
ah  you have all these green groups ecological move
were  for them the main issue their primary issue was trying to stop
native  canadians
from  hunting was
and  seals
so  were partly you're talking about inuit people also knows estimates as chamois
the  fashion term were not supposed using more been many people listen to this now i just say you could many people isis will not
know  the other terms to eskimo the politically correct terms he is in us
do  you think
that
estimates  should be the leaders of the vegan move
it's  the most ridiculous thing imaginable to of all the people who is going to do it first
who's  going to be in a leadership position who's in a position to leave this cultural change is it going
to  be wealthy people in california or is it going to be some of the poorest people in canada
living  in some of the harshest conditions in the world because like northern canada is rough
you  know it matter how you look at whether not you an
you  expect them
take  the moral you know to have to take the leadership role in this
i  expect he will even if you're not going as far north as the arctic just northern canada you know were there
are  still trees but it's cold and where people literally eat dry deer meat
and  moose meat during the winter like those people
indentation  in the cities and much real toronto wealthy people are still
wearing  leather and fur
you  can't convince even the wealthiest five percent of the population to stop wearing leather
leather  has no utility
completely  useful
there's  no reason for any one to where a leather boot
but  you're going to
it  and it's a kind of sexual fetish for people and it's you know a status simple
there  these to
but  there's no reason where other but if we're living in a society you know why would you pitch
that  message to and why would you
the  obligation of the
the  poorest most
for  people like you think any one's getting rich
from  hunting seal and eating seal meat in an arctic canada
it  may be an maybe there's one guy you know what i think of this maybe there's one entreprit
who  has figured out a way to get rich by charging japanese tourists
to  fly in northern canada and kill saltat would be an example of getting rich from cointet's about the only way
yet  register to
our  tourist
but  like if you're talking to native canadian
to  me it's a real but that really was a problem i don't know to what extent stilted that's a problem in canada
but  more than ten years ago that was a huge problem we have it in the ecological movement where the demonisation
of  hunters and you know again in terms of the numbers and everything else it's like look the reality is in
the  middle of downtown toronto there's a cow slaughter house which began gains his film the pothunter net that's
dumping  hundreds of corpses of caballito a bee every
every  day or every week you know and that there's a pig slaughter house and so on
and  you know in every one's worrying leather and everyone's wearing fur in the middle of tentare and you expect
that  moral change to come from the periphery from the edges the poverty stricken edges of your
why  don't you expect the people who are the most educated the most affluent of the most free time while those twice
people  who can buy bananas you know what i mean why wouldn't the leadership come from
because  even within canada
my  ability to buy fruit and veils
just
even  if you're in a city
in  some of those cold parts of
your  ability to eat a vegan diet is really
and  of rats but yeah that's basically in terms of hunting
you  demonized her why will you even as under i guess as
i  guess because fundamentally
i
poor  over opepe i guess that's what it is and if it's really hard to face up the reality of factory
for
question  how can we make a
i  think it's just
and  in that
ninian
these  people rather
you  guys
silly  fits in a festal matter like i made the video iou can help capriani
know  tintabel
i  spent seven years of constant government and i also was involved
a  statement i mean it was my beloved man i loved
everything  we government we are utilisation intestate wide stuff and so on i made a iguanodon
act  the late involve yourself within whatever ment that you know intenseness
orbegoso  in form bocarme in your own
town  and if we but whatever
no  watched it
other  what three hundred views may be and then the next day
i  would that make a video and sometimes when i need videos about you know trematodes
i  did
a  kind of a tent like a kind of inexperience the caimakam video slowly
on  one person
that  one loves
enlighten  coralie ever on the tack about to the dim lit were
and  i told my husband later after you know that video it
got  lots of these of course not a time but i got
like  a few thousand and i said you know what i feel like
i  don't really understand what i continue
two
to  do to do you tube and
people  don't really want to know how to read pianism they don't really
want
say  they want to know they the initiation like
like  when christian corinthians like all life and majestic
but  they actually don't live up to christian standards and of pignatelli tongans
like  oh i like you know it's like anybody who is in feinting just like
rothesel  but business all right began the antennae and the efforts to actually
fall  through what they say they believe it they could really want to lessen factoring won't do
dating  about it and and so i should
i  don't know i tried to get at the best actually started
and
eventually  should do that because
salt  lake city has only financial and he said they
have  it but then you solicitation it with like gay pride weeks it doesn't know oniscus
is  together and i said no i want women
here  where i live in its invigorating all the millionaires
and  like it too if i were you are you in colorado or froebel
were
five
and  ask them if they be billeted to come from for
and  likewise for travel
so  i faced
pacinotti  okay
who  was it unceasing
i
seven
i  only
in
one  anyway
really
urging  about it
one  does
i  like men
people
really  care
it  is safe
then
i  notice
what  you say okay won't you have
what  you going to do about it and the like
we  just want to feel
life
when  you like okotook for it led something in the
no
look  at de people say people say they care so much about the movement if you care so much
movement  why is there no movement
there  is no movement
even  compared to pete at least pete
you  know best
at  that all you want exists i don't have a pet alternative
in  canada there is no being
no
you  know the green party is a
in
a  complaint a million times that the actively
there  the poet and pro milk and pro governments of
from  my perspective there is no begin movement i love there to be one i want to be part of it and that's what
i'm  trying to organize her
i  never met a big
i  begin for atonement make goodness
call
i
and  people say like oh betimes growling
and  probably pillerault
one  may one day be as it is gonna be so archaic that
nobody  can be eating me and amenities manlike okapa
you  can't even get at least
harriet  let alone but to turn
i  don't know how
they  are i know
in  the city i know it has
but  i don't let let let let let be real where where is vigneron of two
example
and  they're both places that are really messed up by war
one  is israel
and  the other is to want
those  are both very strange ways of in for me i think on a broad general level
why  are people in israel interested in is and why are people and tomatoes
i  think it's because they're looking to lead a meaningful life
and  a lot of the traditional
are  disintegrating or falling apart
you  know and it's in a context of warfare like really when you're in titan the videos i reported
unto  one there were military jack
passing  over my head all the time to want always on a war fitting is this big military presence that
this  awareness it's no longer if you're a nuclear war in the past it was
the  nabob
a  fear of conventional warfare at any given
they're  all one to beattie and i met i met ex military gods there who became began and who you
know  were running began
so  i think that's also interesting like us for me to
to  some extent the projecting her summersets is my own character but for me like if you ask
like  in what what's the real core of why you become begin saving the
install  different
as  a diet you know for me it's about a meaningful life it's about what is the meaning of life and
how  can i live i mean
and  i think in some really messed up places like to warn and israel they are
totally  different in every other way like have nothing in common
i  think it's probably exactly that sense of
o  i'm so i think it's probably that sense of of chaos in the soul you know not
just  political call
real  sense
one
in  the soul and people are one to reach out for some
you  know and moral so it defines the moral
and  more people came in a pony
what  is right and what is
do  you courtland and just not like incidental
and  just do what you want to do you just not do something that you know that is right
in  some of his very
i  made the
popular  but i do it because to me
and
so  what i
seven  sensible in you the late okay i understand
are  you don't
the  manderson that you can defend you know hunting in our pentelicus
why  you just
to  me
and  just like
because
just  like when
when  you actually
you're  doing your titian a stand with your pocket
but  what is it
so  now it's not that way everywhere another
begins  or whatever
people  are portieres and reseated
cartier  was the show portmanteau travel
really  interesting foods and
but  for them with candle
i
you  know
i  can like the loss
a  unique in you know adam so i sit
i  don't know the
i  feel
well  if you and so
when  seven says
i  say i was
which  i at
but  it's a
fishing  of my dad years ago
and  we fish while i resist it in
but  you i would never
i
the  place of my dead
and
a
if  you would never
i  would like you
that  for it is placed to know whatever the steward to horace i don't tim horton
i  know
i  do like
like  what is normal does it mean that it's right and i try and have
very  strong views on supporting certain things and so like it i did
call  out
look
sunday  in this because to me it's not right because i desired to me and some day in and
i  don't
from  the stories because i don't want to be eating something that was immoral done
so  you know this my whole life is one law morality like
and  i mean i think morality both brought me into religion
orthodox  ter about but it's immorality brought me out of religion because you can also quite really good for
more  reasons
corruption
smotheration  lying to people or taking their money on false pretences or what have morality
morality  and religion can be mutually exposure as well as you know morality making
so  obviously i
quit  many jobs over moral principles you know matters more principle i can't keep doing
this  job because i
and
but  look imitative this is too much of an usurper a before we get into the morality of you
tub
being  a been on the internet and the long term possible races i was just mask you so when
you  went to the philippines were you in the rural philippines were you in a town or you in the city because i mean that
that  is an interesting juncture like were you you came dasia
got  a petition to his onset
and  which is a city but it did not seem in the city i guess he can say i think
that  of burns at the city the geologist i did spend some talking
in  manila which is the actual capital but
billie  squatters were evangelized shacks as stainton of his territorial
and  but most time i was in the jungle it was mostly
paniput
you  know concrete houses it with a dirt floor
i  believe me i know what you talking to papa so you and i have some
trying  to find people's houses there's no numbers of houses the
three  names really trembling
he
i  look i completely i completely know what you're talking about you
now  live in those kinds of conditions in loud and cambodia and what what have you but to me the one thing it's really
funny  as when i was signing up to join the canadian army
they  needed they want me to make a list of every where i lived i think in the last ten years may
be  as fifteen
and  i said to them i lived in places where there is no street address like
a  what do you want me to say like like that that's true
but  i can try
and
you  are you are past the big palm
take  a lap and there's kind of a pond on the right and i then you keep going and it's about the fifth put
you  know you not by
there's  no fun
doing  the best they can
what  they can as
i  have lived
walk  on the
quasimodo
you  could fall on the floor and
he  was as i come
i  just mentioned i mean one contrast thing
so  i have lived in genuine bamboo
it's  a hot made
but  you know in terms of the
the  squatters like the tocantins
describing  which is
temporary
she
for  me one of the big surprises because i was coming and going to cambodia ver relatively long period of time
to  me of years
and  also one specific stretched thailand very memorable to me with the used to be
you  know more that not really cardboard but like you know where they just use coriander and some
little  bits and pieces of wood made shanties
the  shady sound i knew in tillandsia disappeared
while  i was there and they didn't desperate government over the disappeared because those people got more money
and  built out
he  moved
and  i saw that so the porter i was in the the level of well to
affluence
was  improving so rapidly
could  see it and one of them that was most striking
towards  him to particular road in cambodia that i went down twice
maybe  five years apart but maybe it was even less than that maybe it was only three years of
and  i went down at once and on that road at that time when i went down the
everyone  was in a hand
you  know what was in but
you  know they managed to put together a shelter against
there  obviously just one step up from home
you  know i saw that and in some ways of course it was really well organized because that generation and cambodia
the  older generation a lot of them have experienced building huts and building shanties again and again during the war
period  they may have had to relocate many times so they're quite insisted quite good quality
experience
temporary
and
you  know then the next time i came through clear was really watching carefully at the window i knew it was coming up
on  that stretch of road on the bus at the low you
may  be it's got worse it may be connie you know maybe there are more people living in poverty
loves  watching the
it  was also good to watch for certain details like did they have electricity because you can have shantytown that electricity where you
know  people of radio
but  there's still living in those kinds of his
and
right  you have the titian's
the  reality the
but  you know it instead when i came to
it  was at a shaitan
he  had economically blossomed to unbelievable
and  again i mean it's probably
you  know i don't know if anyone calls
they're  living on et cetera you know but like people were living in houses
and  some of the factories one of the reason pether is there's employment
and  the factories had impeached see the conditions of the workers in the factories were better and everything
was  back in now so i just say i mean
no  i also did real
the  stuff i did er
not  just
but  i was living in a part of the world that was in
from  poverty so rapidly
i  was sometimes one
so  that's how it's my impression is in general the philippines that has not been the experience in the last years
doing  as a lot of other problems including just sheer over popular
where  i was was under populated
you  know both laws and cavorted were under populated
and  toland when i was there had a very close to zero unemployment so even though they weren't
on  underpopulated that's only normally happens with tender popular
they  were you know so every one who wasn't physically disabled can find a job
very  unusual economic
but  i saw i saw people merchant for poverty i know i know that that's a happy thing it eating
the  tell you are what
i  mean for me i know
at  noon back
never  had
the  man i could say how
and
i
a  normal
you  know
that's  the
they're  bad
he
i
like  i have a hard shot but they always smiling but like in their always saying
all  in hard times or by hartright now
now  whenever
this  interesting libitina culture shock
there's  no way
the
and  you don't read
but  i mostly mere
me  clean
oh
it  meant
and  to the men it was amazing
meal
and
stand  back and
and  i in the first
the
food  and later as a family but
and  now i something
on  that that would tramp
that  would rombustious
issue
that
it  is like a wesleyan my less that i wasn't going to take the best part of
the  fish i would take the least good part of the fish and put them lionello
the  thought the head of the household of leontes and and and i
mostly  for that like i wouldn't want to reject whatever they gave me clinometer
living  there i i definitely looked to a depression
and  just because of
but  my family had what i had you know people ask i
had  filled
have  you ever tried in a car before and might well course like one man
and  the like and they asked believe it there every evidence side
the  men let a look i never seen a white
in  person for i was the first white
and  so caricatures
and  in going back to the united states like
a  laugh a whole time people back the field beans and they can landlouping
and  just speakeasy people and here i am with everything in my parents were completing that there's no
certainty  jamie my dad's like hers the strawberries only apothecaries
just  silly things and of course you know living happily in
love
seven  years ago but at the same time like now it's a definitely wore off but when i
read  my old journals is softly like breakin of brings me back on
everything
well  i mean you know i just say you know some one of the contrast i was living in a buddhist cultural context
and  understood but as an understood the
so  i went i was actually in the countryside living in a bamboo et cetera
like  so they are they still have a memory of a cultural trade
in  that part of asia if you were serious about morality like you're not a buddhist
monk  you're just like a grandfather who wants to be respected or grandmother women often
took  the
but  part of being a serious person they would at least be vegetarian during the full moon
the  reflex a lot of things with the
terms  of the poverty
very  very few people were vegetarians
you  know
although  that was also respected in
the  full moon tradition that already recognized
but  you know this was something expected of you if you were some kind of moral authority
figure  if you were an important
you  should be vegetarian in principle shouldering all the
you  know to be vegetarian at least symbolically for several days
really  part of
part  of being portrayed obviously they had no milk there
so  you know what was the air i had this amazingly miserable menacait
of  just eating white rice
a  vitamin pill period elatreus a day all three mills were identical
but  no in terms of like local culture as they recognize
that  what i'm doing is morally superior and i recognize that's more estates don't pretend were
equal  and we get along fine
a  subway it is really bleak and they killed
you  know i saw them slaughtering and
he  had all the notion that deep cultural level the legacy of buddhism they know killing animals
is  bad they literally literally believe the traditional you'd go to hell
you  know you'd be reincarnated at a lower
they  know it's bad they know they do it
i  hope in some ways they don't care in some ways they do care and some
ways  they know they're the peril bad karma
evil  people i'm sitting there next them and making the choice
extremely  monastic died got a shave head to them i look like a put a monk to
as  it and the emperor were sat at the same table at work together so
hot  but there was just there's no no presence that i'm a member of the community or that we're all
equal  or whatever sinopeans they recognize its morally good to refuse to eat meat
and  they all know they're not doing it and they'll should do it so as very different you know this is part of the trade
many  other levels to
is  that people who don't have money
from  this shouldn't be their priority their number one priority their number one already life is
or  young meat is the symbol of affluence readily
for  a lot of them taking care of their souls
we  know you know both
now  you're putting all your energy and
poisoning  your
but  culturally they
so  you can get a chamois a little bit like that too where the focus
equals  money equal
equal  taking care of your
he  and
so  what law let's talk about the bright ray of sun the sunshine both olive and contrast how
sad  all that is the wonderful positive thing that you too
it  so
you  know i retire i would go and read
you  know
i
i  never had to worry about
only  when we
go  right
hunt
religion
and  then the common
for  them like
i  agree
whenever  a guide he
all  right
the  blue and
a
very
in  santander
and
the
he  is an over
but
and  i have
and  sexual attraction
he  was a
we  are
the  last time was just
what  i
oh  i
roger  for instructed of his
that
oh  i have
i  look
and  in
i  say with anybody with anybody it takes time your audience is going to find you and you're going to find
but  you have be honest yourself go who your audience
people  hate me for it but i'm open about the fact that i do not respect the majority
of  my audience or certainly the vast journey my potential
but  like over time i think i've been doing it for two
you  know the people who can tolerate my content come back again and again and the people who
can't  stop coming back so that you know they find me and i find them so probably over
time  i have more respect for a larger percentage modica
people
but  you know as you know when i started my chain at the comments of and so on and you know i
still  attract with people by email and by sypher at
i  saw some sense of whom audience was through various
but  like you know the whole thing with a natural began there all these people joined my
channel
just  because unnatural began like told them too i guess because a naturalised one point that i was a
good  guy very vaguely leandre went on my channel was lukewarm at best but she was a
well  this is a channel you can check out if you
and  there were people who came over from trothe really didn't know who i was or what it was about or tay
and  then like you know when it's revealed that a natural began and i basically don't get along
all  those people the level of hatred and scorn and would have to taste
obviously  many people would assume i be i'd be very afraid of that or i be trying to get those bobart
leave  you here for the long reef he now and i get angry email like i
don't  know if this lever and but people like who writes to me and i think they've only seem like three of my video
saying  like
man  you've changed like now your calling other people idiots you didn't use to
do  that like the famous guide your hand like your channels now since they want o my
channel  back when there were only five hundred people watching a
i've  always been calling people in it i've always been very critical i fell in and you know
sometimes  it's relaxing
but  sometimes is not some of going to show you one i share with the audience how passionate
which  is not a side of my character i get to show
school  or at work contact or whatever i mean you know i come on you tube and a much
more  emotional
that  i would be another in
the  very conscious choice it's
you  know accidental
entereth  a message but they don't really want it here
noting  that the
and  i think the
the  right
with
that  billieve want and your mortlock
and  it's like well you can't come into my house
and  abuse me and expect me to let you stay in
it  so if you're going to be a sin if it be vulgarises
comments
then  you will be blocked and incarnation
me  to the fact that a
you  know
i  don't
the  fact of being began is one the
but  i was
go  on
conservative  more men for the procreation of
children  against abortion tuticorin so all of a sudden
it
since  i don't live up to what faith wanted
then  the attack
and  the thing is i would never
and  have
i  would never attack me
muslim  i can't disagree with their
what  they may believe in her so insisted some
one  said i may disagree with you
but  also listened
and  i think that's great when on people
like  that one person
i  just want to make
but  you actually support your church to the few do i become
to  you
your  pardon this of your feeling with your church the night will not you know i tuffkenamon
i  have never heard
pretended  to be
i  am i am and i got the point that i was like i don't understand
my  audience
you  know again in line i know i know that the first five hundred
subs  were because of
your  intellectual audience and they wanted to hear i had to say and it was great but
then  as soon as i got over a thousand pretty soon as around seventeen hundred and then
all  the sudden i knew that the only time that my sons were going up as after i made something about rochefort
and  three limited i think people they wanted me to have a trial like
feather  jovian or whoever else makes
as  of priorities kind of step
and  i said i know what i wish i could
in  the thing is i can't
and  to to be like is there a way to delate my subsequent
and  keep my coyohuacan get rid of
doubt
aunt
excepting  what i want to say or or do i have to relate my old channel
and  so i did i kept i took a lot of my videos and i took him on my temple and i put him in a holder
and  i said you know when the time comes i want to put it back up like the videos in back up
but  the problem it is is i can't continue to make videos of only get two hundred views
from  the people who actually want such
and  in every one else was just like hungry wolves just laughing just lapping
up  what is the next case
and  you know i know there's been i know that to the way to be popular motive is to sell
your  soul i know that i know that the
began  senott joe began he like all heinecke
in  tall
he  is not funny not credit
we  don't gentlemanlike in tea
and  he drove me bankers and then get me contented who like einander
i  am full also anybody to get out but i think he's just
done  it like i don't think the
i  don't think he's very despiteful i just think she
power  hungry he just kind of he wants to be famous and that's his goal and that's illusion
it's  like i can't like all my accurate the majority of myself
give  us blood you know blood for blood give us flat and is like and not in a give you that
and  what a ingrate if he were videos of tormentil maybe two or three people we like
i  actually actually geneste why don't you make a video about
metamorphosis  and the kitten
that  but
video  talking about how i was more an just like talking about my deepening pretension
is  all said i got a bunch of heat from it and i said you know
i  feel my audience has betrayed me and i feel like and i never was in this
to  get billy big i just wanted to propose people could enjoy
and  i maintain come to find out people just want gossip and drama and i
can't  supply that about feeling like i angus
trashing  myself look he saw not to say about this because as you has no
and  i assume for the next five years it will continue to be it now i could stop it you know i signed
up  to join the army in that it worked out how much time would i be spending on you to
like  i would actually in afghanistan or what have you
not  that i that much damage
i  have no reason to think they would
more  more likely that i'd be in cana
what  i sign up for a military
in  case you
but  look you know you too is a big part of my life now
for  me so you mentioned that you don't think it's worth it to make
for  me it is
for  me ah i remember my original estimates were like two hundred to four hundred
and  i fell everything four hundred people who care about this kind of that it is worth it
and  for me the comparison is to giving an academic paper you know if you go to a conference and deliver
a  paper in academic paper
you  are lucky to reach fifty people it is much more likely you're going to reach twelve people
who  actually want to want her the paper just measures i assume going back and eminences
and  not put in the part of your life but even if even if you have fifty people in the audience
half  of the people are in the audience because they're married to the other people
so  like like literally you you know husband and wife couples are a lot of it so a lot of people are just there they're not
interested  there there because they're married to someone who is
and  then there were some people were there who are not interest
but  in terms of the schedule of the conference that had to be
something  else that happened in our earlier two hours late
just  killing time they have no interest
so  academic conferences huge waste of time
you
you're  lucky if you reach people and i've known
he  ran
by  a heart broken the
money  and they flew to hawaii or they flew to london they flew somewhere far away and went
to  present their
there  opinion about politics
and  you know there were three people in the audience
like  there's a tool of people and only three people have any interest in
so  for me two hundred people for a people to me those are real numbers given the type of
continent  produce second than you probably are sabre as i think you can never let the stupidest
eighteen  of your audience to find what you're doing
well  i could be making videos responding to the stupidest comments i get on you
to  including the anti semitic comments i get on still i get to
other  people for
the
i  could respond to stupid comments about my sex life for about my divorce or
but  like the stupidest a per cent of my audience
i  margining i'm trying to communicate with the most intelligent twenty per cent and the
most  intelligent twenty per cent are not going to be the most vocal right like who's motivated
to  come on and say something sexually humiliating or insulting or denigration or something
religiously  insulting or what have you
for  whatever reason the people will get a thrill out of that kind of conversation they're not the most intelligent
twenty  per cent of your aunt
the  most
well  but also
let's  say i get
email  from some one who's intelligent this is typical i'll get email from
it  says
high  a billeting to your videos for like
eight  mont
and  i watch every single when you besmearing to you for he
of  smart people
normal  you get one message after it i'm not complaining i can totally at
why  because they have a real job ever
they  appreciate what i do but they have no reason to send me a comment and until something
in  particular captain there to kainwhat arbitraments and now i want to write you for this
and  it's because their brother died and at the funeral some one tried to force
something  is some reason why the ring
how  intelligent people
and  you might get one message a year from the more less because they're smart people
and  there were any who are going to come in your channel every day if you alder day and
say  your fat your case you are a mormon what you know whatever
you  know
you  can't let that you can't let that rule
but  the question of of what you
definitely  not for everyone so literati is the third thing third and final thing i see
the  great irony as you
pressure  on
to  produce the same kind of content everyone else's
whether  that's so to give you two examples whether that's pro freely enduring rider
trentotto  genres
but  there are other genres where people want you to follow a script they want you to conform
to  a form at the ready
the  vast majority of those channels are
even  say they failed to reach to
i  was looking at charity i won't mention
and  this person puts in a lot of work
and  in the past the particular chanting it had showed as had support
had  endorsement
from  during writer himself
and  from being
two  of the biggest chance
promoted
other
she  now gets
a  hundred and twenty views on the video a hundred and sixty three views on a video
in  other words crickets in other words
she  does put time and
you  know editing and going out and filling on location but dollie i just felt
sitting  at my desk you know
so  like failure is real
and  the idea that you will be rewarded for conforming to expectation
it's  almost always
no  nobody can be another freely because we already have are
the  nobody needs it it's redundant nobody can eleganter example you know happy healthy
like  i don't eat them as people but i never watch that
is  he a meeting at douay look at me hey i'm going to talk o
bell  here's me filming myself eating i don't want to see
it  does not political it's not it's not personal
i  just i zero interest
whereas  your cane whereas her chinelas relieves to
but  like you know you're doing something real and honest
the  was already an american unicorn that you were imitating onomea
and  so to me that's interesting but i think whether you look at the people who are trying to be the next freely
or  the next anti freely or the next happy healthy began the failure rate it's almost
a  hundred percent
and  that includes worrisome i consider you a very good looking woman but that include
huge  numbers of channels that are you know athletic women
one  way or another showing off the exercises
the  number of those channels pulling a hundred and twenty views on a video even though
their  women showing off their bodies and may be showing you exercises or whatever in some
or  you know what we've whether or not it's been but you know the fitness category
so  you know in a sense a now the ought audience sort of
but  it's actually bad advice and to me it was hilarious there used to be people coming on my channel toward demanding
that  i do the same thing unnatural been does
as  to people i used to get when i first opened the patriot there were people coming on and telling
me  how to run my cannon thing about you to them but a man you gotta do top ten last you got to start doing
videos  about like
why  being began is so great for your skin
because  for
he
i  need him to i moved
and
she  will put on video and she has put in ben
and  and she's
mister
she's  really talented with
really  she and let corky but said and no one watches
it
and
at  the same time like
with
complaining  but there are as
nay  more i
like  maybe like a hundred and ten i have
under  and it might in my audience i feel
like  a alibi i think also in other things
i  just
i  wanted to know
tell
let  me clear everything else
let  me just and i like the ones i love to
and  stuff like that way more than i liked to
because  i feel like bein of a liking to soar and then you got like might
me  a video about erectile
you  know in a like okendokendas now like bourrillon
that  entreating to be
you're  really trying to make stuff neerely made a video like my wife friend
only  at night codicibus they had nothing to offer and i
said  you know
politics
i  love talking about like
what  is triggering an what i like
what  is going on and that changes its so dinah
everything  is going to happen but terrorism is going to happen political happenings
supplications  were conspiring and you know i want to like that so
talk  about something maybe i should
audience  and that i could
to  grow into you have to know your audience and for me olaf you didn't know
what  i said it not me norcott i start talking about
being  so like about related the retraction
the  staff that like i had extreme sin and becomes more than i reveal
about  because i
more  like i feel like i have more to say and that the same time like it wasn't getting
it  and i like you know they want began
and  i am trying to steer towards non began and this is like it only my audience
was
while  i was directing the
and  and then after
i  could tell artomenes that it was a beat respected you know see very well by
france  and he said you know
well
i  say i think i think it's totally fine to reject your audience and i've always been
doing  that have always been saying things that insulted an alienated my audience you know most dramatically when i was
willing  to talk about castrating dogs
saying  look now this is not ethical for the same reason castrating a bow is not ethical for the same reason
castrating  a monkey is not ethical what same reason castrating a penguin is not the fact
that  you rescued a pang
which  happens we have to rescue pains all the time
because  of you know oil spills or
environmental  problems we have we rescue penguins we don't turn around and castrate them and turn them in the house
at  one
the  rounded at that time like fifty per cent of my audience walked out and said they'd never talked to me an
fine  poison weaving the body weakness leaving the system
i  don't want you you're not my audience
but  i was willing to do it long term right like like i think you're talking about minimum two years and
a  long time he
were  your audience finds you and you find your nets and keep in mind like for you if you do it long
term  there will be some people come to your channel just for the fine
because  you are to my own i do consider you look an expert on fitness which i'm not but there'll be some people who come
back  just for those videos and there will be some people who come back just for the videos on religion or just
for  the videos in the republican party like if you start talking about what's going on within the republican party westering by
the  way because for outsiders like you're not actually a member of the problem were within the us you don't hear
conservative  but i can tell you how much
party  of stupid you know my press
view  of the republican party and somebody who is turned defender public
imparted  because republican party has
destroyed  them
not  now i know completely
i  know i know your critic of the broken but my impression was you are critic of the republican party within the republic
that's  all i know you're not i know you're not a cookie cutter republican
but  look you know so
several
sound  track to modern life
who  knows i mean it what would i enemy daughter which is actually
inevitable
just  a matter of time before
penny  daughter again i also don't know how that's goin to
because  i don't know if i just stop making videos for a few months here and there almost went on her or you know who
knows  maybe i can put up a videos of me and my daughter playing in the
but  we that that's coming in here
but  look you know several people who were supported by chandelier on my cannoneer
to  my channel they deleted their heretical entirely
and  one of the ones i mention in connection you is are
so  sorry i felt with a
if  you're
you  know sary as she did this one video that for his very memorable with
i  break down weeping she breaks down weeping we talk about you know watching animals
getting  slaughtered in real life not in video or experiences activism is very
for  my promise very powerful very memorable
she  believed her change
so  it's disappeared
and  i'm trying to sit up and inviting her to do a skye conversation and make a purchasable
but  like i remember her channels that she is she's a good looking woman she's very athletic so she
tell
she  got some photographs up at her doing like china you know whatever kind of finish she
and  like i remember she did a humanisation at one point and shall i
the  answer is
so  at one point at one point sordid acumine
and
she  just answered like whatever questions came in i think in the order he
she  didn't go through first and let that question so like you know like blesser but that's
kind  of
and  she had all these questions that were like can you take photographs of
wearing  pink and
you  know can you take photographs of your hair or do
it  will lie there were these like sexual fetish questions she was
food  fetish
or  hair fetishes and just you know so she someone who has not come
with  exploit or her own
all  in terms of a
and  it's like look if you're going to do this on you to
in  a sense you have to act actively rejects
present  your aunt
for  minutes more you have to be in the position of actively saying no
i'm  not an answer this question i'm not going to deal with these people i'm not going to invite her encourage this
you  know that on many many different categories you know whether that's something as simple as racism antisemitism
whether  that certain types of sexual attention
you  know what i mean so i think that's a funny thing when i
i  could do more videos myself gagged
a  weird it is i think in my try to go find the message
it
at  matters it before i get to and i locked
and  i had had lots of like stuff said or people like i made a video but how
pete  over leaves
me  and a thermal and some like all the ridge coming from somebody
who's  mediate for looking at
pretty  as the girls tertials are like
only  what i have to do with my argument but okay like you know
but  you know some people i give up like the
some  people like to make all these weird comments and i would
basil  just were unrelated to like the wall rise whenever like
the  dead the blue ran whenever
after  a while he was just
very
very  not offending but is on the point
and  there it happened quite a few times
get  off and they
so
i  mean definitely the
irony  i already have
a  new name me now you know what i want to do something new but
it  has been in it to begin to begin now to an
very  interesting i have people of my not the gym that
watch
and
and  i just itigailit
people  think that they are the famous because some one in a shout like a weaselly
blocked  me and here's my things or something like that and i'm just an all it's not even like
rain  there is no solitary
what  in the rearward
but  i think you too like people just kind of talk about
and  the lieutenant to my washhouses in these and in this
like  they know you i like your tandon know me you just now my
content  but like i think on thinking it nonchalantly are you about
you  are judging the face or manitou should just focus on the content
but  i like don't use the man for
you're  trying to attack
instead  of my
at  the committee
people  are like oh well
you  listen you bad for maybe is this because
he  kindly in love with natural
ottilie  that but it's my baby right is
my  baby yet when i flew i flew from chineago right you
on  his godhead
that
and  he knows his potato now
you  know you know she and i know each other persons
and  it makes it even more bizarre because he knows
but  he knows what's actually going on and again ideologically have a very conservative
he  made her abstracted that way but you
sewell  sumtimes in the name of saint
if  it's gone shouts is a great disagree conversation in this could be re parasital preach doubt i
don't  i don't want to keep in the phone
but  i was just going to say you know i think one of the things began she is a really important example
people  can have
positive  motivation
do  real
and  i think she doesn't realize the extent to which he's poisoning
and  he's really missing things up with the rest of us right now
but  like i was trying to organize an event you mention you organizing this
even  in tissue
i  was trying to organize a invent here in asia
that  she was a big party was invited i was expecting to come and the porter
and  a bunch of other began broken again together
partly  jessie can meet each other but partly long term i am sir
so  building the event you know so that we could get together but it's also building
a  network eventually for real active
the  better place now the stuff like to me it's not it's not just about you it's really about
taking  a step beyond you to
and  the wave chita has poisoned the
creating  a situation where nobody can trust any one though we can work with any one like
you  know even with began mojo which is not that big a deal but it's like well which side are you on
who  can you trust if you work with whose doing sling positive who stopping each other in the back just
well  if you had consequences that saint it has even if he has completely paused
to  motive
it  has really negative cones
i
self
for  you i
do  eat
when  you have an argument that can manitou what the deceits wheat
i
but  then i feel like
nipperkin  on like
look  to me kate should we ravishers ation but i mean to me that's another
you  like
senator
talk  about it in
you
he  tried to
how
about  it
and  it's all fiction like most most of the negative state people say though we actually is fiction even
the  stuff of a timeous it's actually based on lies even
something  goes back look more than a year or something
there  are just lies i mean they're at whether of the game to be losing to say what we should wrap it up but
like
you  know there are a lot of people who want my time and what
there  are a lot of people who want to do an interview
conversation  at a conversation like this with me and be on my channel and what
and  so many of them are going about it exactly the wrong way because they're putting up
videos  that are attacking me
he
often  an incredibly stupid way that has nothing to do with the
and  then their saying at the end of the video and if you're so smart you should interview me you should
have  it
did  any one who's producing original content of
within  began is i'm actively trying to be their friend and be in touch with them and both the one channel
and  you are a great example of that like i don't even know like don't even know how many things we disagree but
we  talked about the
but  like you know it's possible there are like really important issues where i would
that  fine you're still a real person is giving real talk who talking about
your  real life whose
cause  you'll hear a lot of different ways to be pony like just doing videos of but how wonderful your grocery
shopping  is that's pony in
you  know what i mean like there's more than one way to be honey it's like this is some one who's bringing real content and original perspective
and  leather for i want to know
but  look look i just say so like to me that's also a funny irony it's like
you  want
the  way to do it is not by horribly insulting me and then thinking i'm going
to  i'm goin i like board that with positive attention
worth  my time to
just  any one do something real to
those  of the people have always been chasing ordinate our example that back when you're back when your views have like
ten  of you cause you channels brand new it was like a low here someone who's actually began and
a  conservative here's someone is actually talking with her belief in her values and the meaning of life which you do
you  know not every video but you do talk about the meaning of life and what makes your life being for raising kids to be part of
that  i know it is for me too even though i'm living in a somewhat bare
but  you know so
thus  the blood that's also the beauty of you
so  if you had never come on you too i know you put up with all this stuff you hate
i  would have never made you you would never met
i  would never met began gains or any of these funny people you know
so  there's something positive there long term and again i'd say it's like two
years  minimum you find your audience you are in fine
even  though a man look you are never going to be the most famous outer
neither  will i but you can very easily be the most influential voice within
conservativism  in titanism or within mormonism and also i mean the finest
thing  is another niece and a lot of people in the finest game are crazy and you're not crazy
and  you know what it's like to raise kids and go to the letter you know what i mean being a being a college girl
being  a college dropout who does nothing but go to the gym because that's when we see a lot of one
girls  you yesterday out of call
you  are just at the gym seven days a
that's  very different from having a real job being apparent
like  that's also something valuable your
here  that's really die
we
very  very
yeah  no but i was just saying
right  ye no blooming that i could gemstones just to say i really do
think  you have you know important original
and  i appreciate
and  i don't know how many other people are there like me
one  hundred two hundred i don't know a thousand i don't know but
over  time you can find that that audience the
and  you can become a meaningful part of each other
for  me i'm just going to a minister over and find a new audience and and that for
me  was for weeks for a whole nonproliferation back and forth so i delacollonge
like  i just wasn't impingeing enjoyment from a just feeling red every time i had read come
it's  just mostly personal attacks and i like you know i think it's time to
the  leader and my man just kind of a
we  might find
who  should trade
for  matins i tried it now
look  but a look i'm not going i said i hope i still know you five years
and  five
never  that simple but no life changes
so  in five years from now my daughter is
i  know
five  years older i'm going to have whatever job you're going to i have no idea what kind of activism i'm going
to  be doing or what my internet president is going to be like his unpredictable
in  some obvious ways like that
but  for me you know the whole challenge for the twenty first century is how do we take
this  mass of eccentric
some  of them are religious some of the marathas on the left window and make a meaningful movement out of it
and  very happy if you can be a part of that puzzle with me in one form
a  bundle